Update contributing guide, clarify when '.[all]' install is needed (#2961)
deepset-ai/haystack: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Install Haystack in editable mode
pip install -e '.[dev]'
```

> Note that the `.[dev]` part is enough in many development scenarios when adding minor code fixes. However, if your changes require a schema change, then you'll need to install all dependencies with `pip install -e '.[all]' ` command. Introducing new components or changing their interface requires a schema change. 
> This will install all the dependencies you need to work on the codebase, plus testing and formatting dependencies.

Reviewer: I would rather encourage the users to use the CI to understand if a schema change is required. What do you think about this?

```suggestion
This will install all the dependencies you need to work on the codebase, plus testing and formatting dependencies.

Note that the command above is enough in many development scenarios. However, if your changes require a schema change, then you'll need to install all dependencies with `pip install -e '.[all]' ` command. If a schema change is required, you will see the CI failing: see below for more details on how the CI works.
```

Author: Sure, sounds even better @ZanSara
